---
layout: page
title:  "Student Evaluations"
categories: teaching
permalink: /eval/
---

## I. Courses Taught as Instructor of Record 🧑‍🏫

<p></p>

### CS 162 - Programming Languages (Summer 2025)

- "[Junrui] made this course extremely interesting and explained the material very clearly."
- "His analogies are incredible."
- "Without a doubt the most accommodating, empathetic instructor I have had at UCSB. As someone coming into the course with less background knowledge, I was given SO much extra help, and made sure that I was up to speed with everything going on."
- "The course was very well thought, and the grading format isnt just helpful but motivates students to learn from mistakes."
- "Participation is highly encouraged and the learning environment is so good."
- "Junrui is not only eager to answer questions, but also willing to give guidance on things beyond this class. He would spend time outside of class to provide resources for advanced topics. He would point you where to go if you are interested. He is also a great person to know outside of class. I honestly cannot appreciate more of this class! One of the best classes."
- "The only thing is I felt the classes were not enough ☹️. I wish there were four lectures instead of three every week."


## II. Courses Taught as Teaching Assistant 🧑‍💻
<p></p>

### CS 162 - Programming Languages (Winter 2025, Winter 2024, Winter 2023, Winter 2022)

- "He really cares about his students and is an amazing lecturer during his sections. His sections were also well organized and very thorough when it came to content. He was always active on the slack and made sure to respond back to everyone's messages."
- "Really excellent work preparing all the assignments. It's the sort of class that makes you feel glad to be a student at UCSB. Junrui's interest in all parts of programming language theory strongly comes through, and makes me happy to see."
- "He always led students to the right answer without giving it away."
- "Best attitude. One of my favorites TAs of all time."

### CS 160 - Compilers (Spring 2025, Spring 2023, Fall 2021)

- "I really like how you made section very engaging!"
- "Honestly one of the best TA's that I have had in my time here. He is really knowledgable about the subject he is teaching... Very patient and great at being able to turn complex problems into simple solutions. I really hope that he gets the opportunity to teach at some point in his career because all of his students would be very lucky."
- "Junrui is one of the best TA's I've worked with throughout my undergrad. He always goes above and beyond in helping students. He is extremely accommodating with his office hours, going so far as to be available for whole days to help students with assignments... Without his help, I would not have enjoyed or learned as much from this class."